no we came for a family vacation and it
ended up we aligned it with the tour and
we've been here the last six days seven
days team garmin-sharp America baby Wow
from New Zealand Auckland central
Germany working there's bike mechanic
just program a 12-time it's cool
I wrote here from England on my bike and
camping so I have a lot to stop to carry
my hard work but it makes you very big
and doing my own little daughter from a
mamiya pasta sauce the passage on walls
are Montaigne the delivery you seem to
be technical okinawa spinach on Stefan
Jankel j1 course after that you can keep
the shore is on the technique for Fox a
star you call me if not wanna be
su mujer para dejarte de Chile romande
or Mandela forever y todo found a perv
near to Allah go to the australian open
forum addict I
so i've been following the tour since
Corsica and this is my third tour de
france currently working as a freelance
photographer every day trying to plan
your stages where you want to stop and
then you how you want to move ahead of
pallet on just organizing the maps being
stopped by the John damn you can't take
certain exits and then you got to think
about how do you again jump ahead so
those are the more hectic things but at
the same time it's what gives you the
adrenaline rush what possible difference
we ride a little bit of the Rue this
morning and then we we stopped in town
and had some lunch and what you come
through here we just did a section
through it's nice to get a feeling of
the crowds and sides of the road and
being slow